# capstone

This project is my pride and joy. I would estimate that at least 250 hours of my time has been spent building this. This is my final school project and best displays my ASP.Net, C#, jQuery, JavaScript and SQL skills. It also includes Google charts api use, sendgrid api use, the ability to upload and view files and User Roles which have very different experiences.

This app is, in its most basic form, an enhanced digital gradebook. It makes keeping grades easy and efficient but also allows the teachers and students to view grades in a chart format which allows them to view trends in the grades, whether assignments are too easy, or too difficult, whether the students do or do not understand the material and to what degree. There is a relatively complex database being used in which the use of foreign keys is commonplace. In addition to grade keeping, it also contains a direct messages system, email system and a surveying system. The surveys can be used to poll a class at any time with any type or quantity of questions. This data is then also placed into a 'Google charts' bar chart which displays the data in a very readable form which may increase the ability to recognize trends in the data. This data can be used to gauge the classes level of completion, competance and even to measure how the class is feeling. This can help to run a class more effectively and efficiently.

The instructors dashboard is built using jQuery, nested loops and partial views, as well as other technologies. There is a lot going on in this application and I am very proud to have built it and of the end result.